1. What are Complex Networks?

Complex Networks are networks, used to represent and analyse complex systems. 
They are based on graphs and have certain network topologies, which define the boundaries, parts and relationships.
They are extended by further features like multiple kinds of edges or nodes as in 
multilayer networks or different measures like modularity.

2. Why are they useful, in general?

Some systems are too complex to be represented through simple networks, and the extra measures can be used to represent certain structures
or systems much more easily or accurately. Like in a transportation system where different kinds of edges are used for different flights from different 
airline companies.  
Simple datamining Algorithms alone can be insufficient to deal with structures of complex systems, as interactions on a global scale are usually not analysed
and Complex Networks can help with this. 
	 
    
3. What are specific challenges in their application?

One challenge is node selection or definition. For example in neuroscience, if each voxel in fMRI data is 
identified with a node, the amount of nodes can be extremely large and the amount of interactions between them can be even larger. Therefore one
must find a way to reduce the number of nodes in such a case. In other cases it can be a problem to decide which nodes are relevant, for example when looking 
at a transportation system for a certain region and deciding which airports outside of that region can still be relevant. 
Deciding which links are relevant for the systems structure can pose a very similar challenge. 
 
4. What is their relationship to Data Mining, and how can Complex Networks and Data Mining be connected?

Fundamentally both can be used for analysing patterns in or extracting other information from data.
However, Data Mining and Complex Networks have differences, with the former being more focussed on finding patterns in data
and complex networks being more focussed on actually describing relations in systems represented by the data. 
Complex Networks and Data Mining can be connected for classification for example by creating networks from EEG data and classifying them with Decision Trees.
Complex Networks can be used to represent brain acivity, data mining algorithms can then be used on the networks to classify which 
task the network/brain activity represents. Another way to connect Complex Networks and Data Mining is to use Complex Networks 
in Feature Selection to determine the most important features for a Data Mining Model. 
	
    
5. How do exemplary classification approaches work?

fMRI or EEG data can be used to create functional Networks to represent brain activity. On these networks, Complex Network metrics and Data 
Mining Algorithms like SVM are then used in order to classify the presence of a disease or to classify which task the brain is doing.
Decision trees can be used aswell. The Decision tree woud be given a Complex Network, and then use the values of Complex Network metrics like 
link density to classify the given networks.
In the field of protein function prediction, some exemplary approaches are Decision Trees and Bayesian Networks or random forest based methods 
combined with bipartite network representations.
    
6. What are some further exemplary techniques to apply?
Further techniques are for example link prediction, where Data Mining Algorithms are used 
to predict which links exist in complex networks, also taking into account their topology.
Another technique is to represent features in a Complex Network, which then can be used to find the most important features, which
solves the problem of feature selection for Data Mining Algorithms. 
A further technique is to transform big and heterogenous amounts of data into a (complex) network structure, this simplifies the data 
and makes them more homogenous and therefore makes it possible to use them for Data Mining more efficiently. 